---
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

## <i class="fas fa-umbrella-beach"></i> Personal Projects

I have developed (and maintained) a few personal projects, showcasing my skills and interests. Here are some of them:

### <i class="fas fa-chess"></i> Bobby - Chess Engine

- **Description**: A chess engine built from scratch, including a custom user interface. This project was a deep dive
  into game logic, AI algorithms, and UI development (but neither Machine Learning, nor LLMs). It was mainly done during
  the COVID-crisis lockdown.
- **Technologies**: Java, Swing, Maven
- **Repository**: [GitHub](https://github.com/teemoo7/bobby)

### <i class="fas fa-bug"></i> GitHub Action for Mutation Testing Reports

- **Description**: A custom GitHub Action designed to read mutation testing report generated by tools like Pitest (XML)
  or Stryker Mutator, and to create a check with annotations. It helps identify weak spots in tests and improves overall
  test coverage.
- **Technologies**: JavaScript, GitHub Actions, Node.js
- **Repository**: [GitHub](https://github.com/teemoo7/mutation-testing-report-action)

### <i class="fas fa-tv"></i> Magic Mirror Modules

- **Description**: A few custom modules for Magic Mirror, a platform for creating smart mirrors or just
  practical information displays. These modules enhance the user experience with personalized features.
- **Technologies**: JavaScript, Node.js
- **Repository**: [TomTom Calculate Route Traffic](https://github.com/teemoo7/MMM-TomTomCalculateRouteTraffic) - [Alp Lakes Live Temperature](https://github.com/teemoo7/MMM-AlplakesLiveTemperature)

### <i class="fas fa-heart"></i> Jass Card Game

- **Description**: A small card game created as a fun side project. It showcases basic game mechanics and UI design, as
  well as a bit of AI logic for the computer players, with a touch of Swiss culture. It can be played on GitHub pages,
  since it's pure front-end.
- **Technologies**: TypeScript, Vite, Vitest, Node.js
- **Repository**: [GitHub](https://github.com/teemoo7/jass-game)

## <i class="fas fa-lock-open"></i> Open Source Contributions

I occasionally contribute to open-source projects and enjoy engaging with the software engineering community.
